README.md, before:

# mcrcon

mcrcon is console based Minecraft [rcon](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Source_RCON_Protocol) client for remote administration and server maintenance scripts.

---

### Installing:

##### via packet manager:
See https://pkgs.org/download/mcrcon for available packages in various Linux distros (note that available packages might be outdated).

- Gentoo Linux: https://packages.gentoo.org/packages/games-util/mcrcon
- Arch Linux: https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/mcrcon/

##### building from sources:
```sh
git clone https://github.com/Tiiffi/mcrcon.git
cd mcrcon
make
sudo make install
```
Check [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md) for more details.

Precompiled binaries (if provided)*: https://github.com/Tiiffi/mcrcon/releases/latest

<sub>*At the moment binaries are provided for Linux and Windows.</sub>

---

### Usage:
mcrcon [OPTIONS] [COMMANDS]

Sends rcon commands to Minecraft server.

```
Option:
  -H            Server address (default: localhost)
  -P            Port (default: 25575)
  -p            Rcon password
  -t            Terminal mode
  -s            Silent mode
  -c            Disable colors
  -r            Output raw packets
  -w            Wait for specified duration (seconds) between each command (1 - 600s)
  -h            Print usage
  -v            Version information
```
Server address, port and password can be set using following environment variables:
```
MCRCON_HOST
MCRCON_PORT
MCRCON_PASS
```
###### Notes:
- mcrcon will start in terminal mode if no commands are given
- Command-line options will override environment variables
- Rcon commands with spaces must be enclosed in quotes

Example:
> Send three commands ("say", "save-all", "stop") and wait five seconds between the commands.

  ```mcrcon -H my.minecraft.server -p password -w 5 "say Server is restarting!" save-all stop```

---

##### Enable rcon on server
Remember to enable rcon by adding following lines to [```server.properties```](https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/Server.properties) file.
```
enable-rcon=true
rcon.port=25575
rcon.password=your_rcon_pasword
```

---

##### Contact:

* WWW:            https://github.com/Tiiffi/mcrcon/
* MAIL:           tiiffi at gmail
* IRC:            tiiffi @ quakenet
* BUG REPORTS:    https://github.com/Tiiffi/mcrcon/issues/

---

### License

This project is licensed under the zlib License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

<sub>Master:</sub> ![Master build](https://api.travis-ci.org/Tiiffi/mcrcon.svg?branch=master)
<sub>Develop:</sub> ![Develop build](https://api.travis-ci.org/Tiiffi/mcrcon.svg?branch=develop)

Commit message:

Updated readme; added GNU Readline support, which no doubt will break the program on windows.

README.md, after:

# mcrcon

mcrcon is console based Minecraft [rcon](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Source_RCON_Protocol) client for remote administration and server maintenance scripts.

This fork attempts to fix the lack of newlines in some packets returned by the vanilla server, and implements the GNU Readline and GNU History libraries.

---

### Installing:

##### via packet manager:
See https://pkgs.org/download/mcrcon for available packages in various Linux distros (note that available packages might be outdated).

- Gentoo Linux: https://packages.gentoo.org/packages/games-util/mcrcon
- Arch Linux: https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/mcrcon/

##### building from sources:
```sh
git clone https://github.com/Tiiffi/mcrcon.git
cd mcrcon
make
sudo make install
```
Check [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md) for more details.

Precompiled binaries (if provided)*: https://github.com/Tiiffi/mcrcon/releases/latest

<sub>*At the moment binaries are provided for Linux and Windows.</sub>

---

### Usage:
mcrcon [OPTIONS] [COMMANDS]

Sends rcon commands to Minecraft server.

```
Option:
  -H            Server address (default: localhost)
  -P            Port (default: 25575)
  -p            Rcon password
  -t            Terminal mode
  -s            Silent mode
  -c            Disable colors
  -r            Output raw packets
  -w            Wait for specified duration (seconds) between each command (1 - 600s)
  -h            Print usage
  -v            Version information
```
Server address, port and password can be set using following environment variables:
```
MCRCON_HOST
MCRCON_PORT
MCRCON_PASS
```
###### Notes:
- mcrcon will start in terminal mode if no commands are given
- Command-line options will override environment variables
- Rcon commands with spaces must be enclosed in quotes

Example:
> Send three commands ("say", "save-all", "stop") and wait five seconds between the commands.

  ```mcrcon -H my.minecraft.server -p password -w 5 "say Server is restarting!" save-all stop```

---

##### Enable rcon on server
Remember to enable rcon by adding following lines to [```server.properties```](https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/Server.properties) file.
```
enable-rcon=true
rcon.port=25575
rcon.password=your_rcon_pasword
```

---

##### Contact:

* WWW:            https://github.com/Tiiffi/mcrcon/
* MAIL:           tiiffi at gmail
* IRC:            tiiffi @ quakenet
* BUG REPORTS:    https://github.com/Tiiffi/mcrcon/issues/

---

### License

This project is licensed under the zlib License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

<sub>Master:</sub> ![Master build](https://api.travis-ci.org/Tiiffi/mcrcon.svg?branch=master)
<sub>Develop:</sub> ![Develop build](https://api.travis-ci.org/Tiiffi/mcrcon.svg?branch=develop)
